# Real Estate Website - Capstone Project #
### Project Description ###
The topic we chose for the project is a real estate agency where users can learn about the businness, review its work and contact their agents.

The website consists of the following pages:
- Home Page.
- Agents Page.
- Testimonials Page.
- CVs Page.
### Workflow and Team Roles ###
We all three agreed on the topic to work on. Then we set and split the tasks so each worked on different pages, but continuosly checking on each other's progress. 
Additionally, we created a Github repository to share the files and used Git to update each other's modifcations.

Isaac Maurer worked on: listings page and added his cv.

Parker Dugan worked on: Home page with background and CV page

Diego Lobera worked mainly on Agents, Testimonials and CVs pages, but also on the website structure and design (navigation bar, colors, effects, backgrounds, logos, images, ...).

Moreover, we used editing and AI tools, such as Gemini and Photopea, for generating images and names, choosing text fonts, and improving the design, that suit the project topic and requirements.
### Design Decisions ###
We firstly did some research on exisiting real estate websites on internet and found key patterns. We realized real estate is a business that has to build trust with the client and show profesionalism above all, that is why we decided to use a plain but formal style. 

We used different type of greys for the background, bars and fonts to keep a minimalist and elegant design. For the fonts, we tried to mantain a similar style by using different formal options and suit the webiste context. We also used realistic images edited and generated by AI in order to break monotony and build trust, see in the company logo, team members and dorms images. 

Regarding to the CSS file, we made different classes to organize the code and have a clean and well-design structure. We mainly used divs to create groups of elements, so they could be aligned, justified and changed to our liking. Also, we used nav and unorded list to make the navigator, and we used footers to decorate and make it more real-world website, utilizing realistic addresses, names and phone numbers. Moreover, we used 3 types of links to connect with other pages: asp.Hyperlink, asp.ImageButton and asp.Button, where we coded in C# in parallel. We also used hover effect on navigator menu and buttons. Additionally, we used strong and headings to emphasize elements' importance and differentiate sections. 


